Update operations docs (#182)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/operations.md

missing keys/values, sets the CR in `Error` state (reason `InvalidSecret`), and stops the reconciliation until there is a change in the required
Secret.

After checking the Secret, the reconciler proceeds to apply and delete operations of [module resources](../module-resources).

> `module-resources` directory is created by one of GitHub actions and contains manifests for apply and delete operations. See [workflows](workflows.md#auto-update-chart-and-resources) for more details.

Author: suggestion applied

> First the reconciler deletes outdated module resources which are stored as manifests in [to-delete.yml](../module-resources/delete/to-delete.yml).

Author: suggestion applied

> When all outdated resources are deleted successfully, the reconciler prepares current resources from manifests in [apply](../module-resources/apply) directory to be applied into the cluster.

Author: suggestion applied

The resources preparation consists of adding `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: btp-manager`, `chart-version: {CHART_VER}` labels to all module resources, 

> setting `kyma-system` Namespace in all resources, setting module Secret and Configmap based on data read from the required Secret. 

Author: suggestion applied

> After preparing resources, the reconciler starts applying them into the cluster and waits specified time for all module resources existence in the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After preparing the resources, the reconciler starts applying them to the cluster and waits a specified time for all module resources existence in the cluster. 
```

Author: suggestion applied

> If timeout is reached, the CR receives `Error` state and the resources are checked again in the next reconciliation. The reconciler has a fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the timeout is reached, the CR receives the `Error` state and the resources are checked again in the next reconciliation. The reconciler has a fixed
```

Author: suggestion applied

![Deprovisioning diagram](./assets/deprovisioning.svg)

## Conditions

> The state of BTP Operator CR is represented by [**Status**](https://github.com/kyma-project/module-manager/blob/main/pkg/declarative/v2/object.go#L23) that comprises State

Author: fixed a dead link
